Seth Goblin 
HP 6
Morale 7
Ropy skin -d2
Knife/shortbow d4
Special Quick,  attacks and defence are DR14.
All goblins carry a curse.
Once like you, they are now  trapped in the prison of  their crazed goblin flesh.  Only their eyes reveal  the truth: a ruined mind  watching its body-prison  perform terrible deeds.
Even being attacked by  goblins sends the curse,  carried on the winds of  their hate. Hit or miss,  it doesn’t matter. In the  dark of Sarkash they shoot  at passers-by with twanging  bows. You must find and kill the goblin before your mind  is paralyzed. If the curse- carrying creature still  lives d6 days after the  attack, you will warp irrevocably into one  yourself. Then,  only the dark of  Sarkash will hide you.

Bent Scum
HP 7
Morale 8 No armor Poisoned knife d4 + special Special Poisoned knife. Test Toughness DR10 or become infected.
There are few fiends more fell than poverty or monsters more powerful than hate. In this stricken world, the slums and black alleyways are fecund scum, mothering countless abhorred miscreants.
The PC with the highest Presence makes a DR14 test at the start of battle.
Failure means a random party member is automatically hit with a cowardly backstab normal damage +3.

Zukuma Berserker
HP 13 Morale 9 Hardened skin -d2
They’re on you!
As if from nowhere, a frenzied ambush in dusty hallways and from behind the stacked black stones of catacombs. Special Attacks twice per round but doesn’t have time for defence (DR10 to hit them).
Wields (d4)
1. Long flail d8 2. Heavy mace d6 3. Chained sword d6 4. Huge warhammer d10

Wrat Wraith
 HP 15  Morale – No armor Touch d4 + special Special Swift, elusive and difficult to hit (DR14). These soundless phantoms always win initiative. Their touch drains Strength, Presence and Agility by 1 for the duration of the fight.

Belze
blood-drenched skeleton
HP 7  Morale 8 No armor Shortsword d4 or Knife d4 Bony knuckles d2 Special Skulks about, impossibly soundless. Attacks by surprise. Can mimic voices to lure victims, but can only repeat what it has heard. Attacks on them with piercing weapons are DR14. Any strike doing 5 or more damage destroys the skeleton completely.

Lich
Undead (weak) necromancer
HP 15 Morale – Barrier (necro) -d4 Strike d6 + special Special Paralyzing touch (Presence DR14 every round to break free). No one can use Powers near this anti-magical wound in reality. Every round they can steal the contents of a nearby scroll and use this Power against its owner.

Arbint TROLL
HP 32
Morale special
Thick hide -d2
Fist 2d6
Special easy to hit; attacks are DR10.
Cowards despite their size. Usually retreat if badly wounded. Never forget who hurt them. They grow larger during the healing process and will definitely come back, stronger than before. Any HP healed is added to their maximum HP. Every time they return, add another d6 to their damage.

Nodh Zombie
HP 7
Morale –
Leather scraps -d2
Claw/bite d2 + special
Special: Anyone bitten tests Toughness DR8 or dies within two days before rising as a zombie. The only cure or vaccine is said to be found at the peak of a pale mountain within an infinitely-miserable forest of dark leaves.
King Fathmu IX of Wästland in particular seeks this cure and knows the name and location of the forest which the mountain overlooks.

L A D Y P O R C E L A I N
undead doll
HP 11
Morale –
Porcelain -d2
Claws/piercing bite d4
In Tveland relic thieves, defamers and corrupt clerks suffer a punishment of exquisite and deeply impractical cruelty. Their children or grandchildren are enclosed in porcelain dolls then placed in cathedral windows, to die slowly of starvation and heat. Despite warding rituals, many return as vengeful undead, often gathering in large throngs to hunt their tormentors. Their mad gaze demands a Presence DR12 test at the start of combat to avoid being frozen with fear for d4 rounds.

Thinx Grotesque
HP 18
Morale –
Clay/stone –d6
Claws d6
Eye-beam d8
Lurking round churches, stalking graveyards, creeping closer when you look away. Disturbingly still, difficult to discern against gray stone and hard to recognize even when seen. They move slowly and are easy to hit (DR10). Their terrifying gaze is used on 1–2 on a d6 each round. Always hits.

Aland Wickhead
knife-wielder
HP 10
Morale 7
No armor
Knife with dried blood d4
Sneaks up behind its victims, silent as the grave. Skulks around the cities' outskirts and the thickets of Sarkash. 25% chance wounds from the insanely filthy knife become infected.
Special: Can magically douse all nearby light sources, ignite its own blinding light and attack. Then vanish into the darkness.

Eulotha Wyvern
HP 25
Morale 10
Thick hide -d4
Bite/Sting d6
Special 60% chance that she bites. The tail's venomous sting can paralyze a victim. Test Toughness DR14 to avoid one painful hour of paralysis.